{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17100\viewh15860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 EasyCapViewer 0.6 Alpha\

\fs36 Release Information\

\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs36 Use with External Applications\

\b0\fs24 This version of EasyCapViewer is designed to work in conjunction with other video players via HTTP streaming. Once EasyCapViewer is playing, you may connect to it from another application using the following URL: 
\b http://localhost:3453/
\b0 \
\
The following applications have been confirmed to work with EasyCapViewer:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Bino 1.0\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}VLC 1.1.9\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}FFplay 0.6.3\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Firewall\

\b0\fs24 If you have enabled the Mac OS X personal Firewall, you will be asked whether EasyCapViewer may accept incoming connections. The Firewall only blocks requests from other computers, so you may deny the request.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Device Configuration\

\b0\fs24 All device-related options are temporarily disabled due to the other changes that have been made. NTSC format is assumed. Only a preset list of supported inputs are available.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs36 Aspect Ratios\

\b0\fs24 All previous versions of EasyCapViewer have had a set of subtle problems with the aspect ratios used for capturing video. This version has aspect ratio and cropping controls disabled. The 4:3 aspect ratio and display size are very slightly incorrect, and should be fixed in a forthcoming version.\
\

\b\fs36 Other Limitations\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Hot Swapping is not currently supported\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Movie recording is temporarily disabled\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Only one set of devices may be used at a time\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}Many application settings are not saved between launches\
{\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}The video quality of streaming is somewhat low\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Time Limiter\

\b0\fs24 This version will only function until May 16th, 2011. By that date, a new version should be available.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs36 Special Thanks\

\b0\fs24 This release was made possible by financial support from Francesco Siddi. Thank you!\
\
--Ben Trask}